[disappointed sighs]
[frustrated grunts]
[frustrated crying]
[grunting]
[sighs]
Oh my gosh I got through!
Huh?
Hi! Is someone there?
(Operator) We regret to inform
you that tickets for the...
Fantastic International Music
Festival are sold out. Thank
you for calling.
It's sold out.
Aww!
I can't believe it.
Minako!
I really wanted to see the
Three Lights perform. Guess
we'll have to give up, huh?
M-hm.
Nooo!
Stop acting like a baby!
(Michiru) Hello ladies.
Huh?
(Usagi) Haruka! Michiru!
Hey!
Those tickets we overheard you
talking about, do they look
like this?
[stunned]
(Usagi) "Calling of the
Shining Stars: Enter Haruka
and Michiru."
(Usagi) No way! Are you really
sure we can have these?!
(Michiru) Of course.
This is the best day of my
life! I finally get to see
them perform live!
[kissing sound]
But how did you get these
tickets, Michiru?
A free batch of tickets at
that.
You pulled some strings,
didn't you?
I had no idea you were such a
big fan of the Three Lights,
Michiru.
Me? [giggles]
You do know Michiru is
performing at this event too,
don't you?
Huh?
What?!
(Rei) "The Three Lights and
Michiru Kaioh joint concert?"
That's amazing! Um, what does
a "joint concert" mean
exactly?
Uh.
Why were you so impressed if
you didn't know what it meant?
A joint concert is when two or
more groups collaborate...
together during the same live
performance.
And that's the Three Lights
and Michiru?
Uh huh.
(Usagi) They're gonna perform
together?
(All) Exactly!
(Usagi) And play their hearts
out?
(All) You betcha!
That is amazing!
You got that right!
[giggling]
[screaming]
[grunting]
Sailor Iron Mouse. You
understand where I'm coming
from, don't you?
[straining] Yes.
Then you must also understand
that the number of chances you
have left are quickly dwindling.
[whimpers]
(Galaxia) [evil chuckling]
There is no room here for
incompetent individuals.
Find me a true Star Seed if
you value your life.
(Galaxia) Failure is not an
option.
Is that clear?
Yes, clear as crystal.
[sighs] If I mess up this
time, I'm in serious trouble.
How am I supposed to find
what I'm looking for in this
huge crowd of people?!
Is it too much to ask them to
hold signs saying if they have
a true Star Seed or not?! Ugh!
Oh well. Hm?
(Nezu) This is it! "The World's
Greatest Star! Albert Pon
Garajan!"
He has to have a
true Star Seed!
[pre-show buzzing]
Michiru Kaioh. I wonder what
kind of person she is?
I gotta say, I'm not crazy about
doing a concert with someone we
don't know.
(Taiki) That's not our concern.
Hm?
We're putting on this show for
the sake of our Princess, her
and no one else.
Let's go then. It's show time.
[pre-show buzzing]
(Mako) She's still not here.
Maybe meeting at the venue
wasn't a good idea.
(Minako) It's gonna start soon,
too.
Seriously, what's holding up
Usagi anyway?!
Maybe she took the wrong bus...
and ended up getting dropped
off somewhere in the middle of
the mountains.
She would.
No! Even Usagi wouldn't do
that, let's give her a little
credit.
Huh? [screams]
[cheers/screams]
What is this I'm feeling?
It's like a strong wave of
energy shooting out a message to
someone they love.
This feeling, it reminds me of
the powerful radiance of a
star. Michiru Kaioh.
Who are you?
[cheers/screams]
[panting]
Did I miss it?
What took you so long?
Everyone was worried.
(Usagi) Haruka!
[gasps]
It's over, isn't it?
Uh, yeah.
[wails] No! No! No! No!
Hey!
Listen, I'm about to go to
Michiru's dressing room right
now. Do you wanna come?
[grunts]
M-hm!
Come in. It's unlocked. Oh!
Just wanted to say you did a
great job.
The feeling's mutual.
(Michiru) What you did out there
was really something.
(Seiya) Seriously though, your
violin was incredible.
Oh? Well, thank you!
I'm actually quite the fan of
yours, Miss Kaioh.
Are you really? [chuckles]
Sorry, I just didn't take you
for the classical music type.
But thank you again, I'm
flattered.
But make sure to keep that a
secret from your fans, alright?
(Michiru) Wouldn't want them
getting jealous.
[laughs] You're full of
surprises.
You're a rather mysterious
individual yourself.
[chuckles]
Well, perhaps we could get to
know each other better then.
Is that what you'd like?
Alright then, think you could
help me change out of this?
[chuckles]
(Haruka) Michiru, we're coming
in!
Huh?
Hi, Michiru! Seiya! You're
here?
Bun-head?!
Hey, who's this good-looking
guy with you?
What do you mean? Haruka
happens to be...
(Michiru)...someone very
special to me.
Oh? You really had me going,
Michiru.
Nice to meet you. Name's
Seiya.
Haruka Tenoh. Nice to meet you
too.
Interesting hand-shake.
Get the hell out.
[chuckles]
Alright, I'm gonna bounce.
Thanks for everything,
Michiru!
Come catch up with me at my
dressing room later. See ya!
You shouldn't let that guy
into your dressing room
anymore.
And why's that? Are you jealous?
(Usagi) Sorry about that,
Haruka.
Seiya can be kinda rude
sometimes, but he's a good
person at heart.
(Usagi) Please don't be mad.
Haruka's just shy around
strangers.
Anyway, shouldn't you go meet up
with him, Usagi?
M-hm!
(Usagi) I'll come by again
later.
Michiru, look I'm sor...
Come here. Help me with this.
If you insist.
Haruka Tenoh. I felt it in him,
too. The powerful radiance of a
star.
[grunts]
Who is he, really?
(Usagi) Seiya!
Hm?
What were you thinking?
What happened to your sexy
boyfriend?
[grunts] Haruka is a woman,
alright?!
Awww trying to pull my leg
now?
I am not!
So what were you gonna do to
Michiru if we hadn't shown up?
I- I wasn't gonna do anything!
Then why are you getting so
worked up?
Well, I seriously doubt Michiru
would go for a child like you
anyway.
Thanks a lot. How do you even
know those two in the first
place, Bun-head?
You jealous?
No, I wouldn't say that.
(Usagi) They're very
special to me.
Hm?
I care about them both a lot.
I gotta say you sure seem to
attract all sorts of special
individuals.
Huh?
[flailing scream]
[gasps]
[grunting]
Hey, Bun-head! You alright?
[grunts]
[moans] I'm so sorry!
[groans]
I hope I didn't injure you, my
dear.
(Seiya) Mr. Garajan?!
[grunting] Are you all right,
sir?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Huh? He your teacher or
something?
You don't know Mr. Garajan?!
He's a world famous conductor!
Mr. Carry-on?!
He's not luggage, show some
respect!
[laughing] What an amusing
young lady. Is she your
girlfriend?
Well, I guess you could say
that.
[groans] Uh, no. You really
couldn't say that.
You don't have to sound so mad
about it.
Hmph!
(Garajan) By the way, Seiya.
Uh, yes?
Today's concert was simply
marvelous.
Thank you very much.
I felt a mysterious wave of
energy coming from your music.
Huh?
There was such passion behind
it, but also something gentle.
I even felt a sense of
melancholy there.
It was like you were sending a
message to someone you loved.
[chuckles]
I'm sure this sounds like the
ramblings of an old fool.
[groans]
Are you okay?
Lemme take you back to your
room.
No need, young man.
I'm sure taking in the night air
will clear my head. I'll
just take a little stroll.
Oh, and Seiya.
(Garajan) If your music was
intended as a message to a loved
one...
I hope it reaches them as
soon as possible.
Thank you.
[chuckles] Ow!
So, is that Carry-on guy
really that big of deal?
It's Garajan!
Right, Garajan.
Sheesh. I already told you
he's a conductor.
(Seiya) You saw the New Tokyo
Orchestra performing during
today's final act, right?
That was him, front and center.
Right.
Wait! You didn't see the
show, did you?
Uh. Well you see, it's kinda a
long story.
I bet it is.
Anyway, I really hope that he's
all right.
I should check on him, just in
case.
'Kay.
He picked up on our music. Our
message seems to be getting
out.
That's such a relief to
hear.
[sighs] Ow! That was quite the
collision. My head is still
throbbing!
(Nezu) I'm afraid it might get
much, much worse.
And you are?
A producer with Ginga TV by
the name of...Huh?
Hang on, darn-it. Where'd my
card go? It's not here!
Do you need help, miss?
Aw man! Fine! Just forget it!
Chuu!
[gasps]
That Star Seed of yours, gimme
it!
[gasps]
Oh mein Gott!
Nein!
[grunts]
Mr. Garajan!
Moon Eternal Make Up!
(Nezu) My, what a wonderful
glow!
Could it be?! Hm.
(Nezu) Oh, gimme a break!
[growls] This one's a dud too!
Whatever, moving on!
(Sailor Moon) Hold it right
there!
Huh?!
The elderly are our teachers
in life! You should treat them
with the upmost respect!
I am the Pretty Guardian who
fights for love and for
justice!
I am Sailor Moon!
And in the name of the Moon,
I'll punish you!
Yeah, yeah.
Don't you walk away from
me!
I don't have time to play with
you right now. I have to work
overtime today.
Bye-bye!
Get back here!
[gasping] This isn't good.
I am Sailor Conductor!
I was afraid this was gonna
happen.
Welcome to this evening's
concert.
Hm?
Let us begin with the first
movement: Piano!
[gasps]
Second movement: Cello!
[screams]
On to the third movement:
Violin!
[screeching]
[gasps]
[whimpers]
[chuckles] And to close out
our performance, the final
movement!
Hm?
Who's there?!
(Sailor Star Healer) Breaking
through the darkness of night.
(Sailor Star Maker) Traveling
unchained across the atmosphere.
(Sailor Star Fighter) The three
sacred shooting stars!
Sailor Star Fighter!
Sailor Star Maker!
Sailor Star Healer!
We are the Sailor Star Lights!
Stage on!
(Sailor Moon) You're here!
[grunts]
Star Serious Laser!
What?! Nein!
You just can't stay out of
trouble, can you?
Sorry about that.
[grunts]
Sailor Moon!
Right!
Starlight Honeymoon Therapy
Kiss!
[grunting] Beautiful!
(Sailor Moon) Wait!
I wanted to thank you for all
you've done for me. You've
saved me so many times.
I was wondering if you'd like
to team up together.
What do you think?
Well we do seem to share a
common enemy.
I guess it's fine as long as
she doesn't hold us back.
Well, there's your answer.
[giggles]
Thank you.
[scared scream]
Who's there?!
Get lost. I won't miss next
time!
Wait a minute! Uranus, what
are you doing?!
Those three are trespassers
from outside the solar system.
[gasps]
Such beings can't be trusted!
No! You've got them all wrong!
I don't know what you've heard,
but they are good people!
Out of our way!
(Sailor Star Fighter) Know
what? Forget it.
Huh?!
If you don't want us in your
group, then so be it.
We've been managing things
just fine on our own.
I'm sorry. But it looks like
we will never see eye-to-eye.
No, don't say that. Wait!
I'm sure that's not true. I
know we could make it work.
I don't get it. Why can't we
join forces and work together
with them?
Our mission is to make sure
you're safe from outside forces.
We can't take any risks.
Please try to understand.
[sighs]
(Seiya) Bun-head?
Hm?
You're still here?
Lemme walk you home, it's
late.
Hey, Seiya?
Yeah?
If you met people who came from
somewhere that was very
different...
from what you were used to,
would that stop you from being
friends with them?
What brought that up?
Just, what do you think?
What a strange thing to ask
someone. What can I really say
about it?
I mean, I'm a transfer student
from a far away town you've
probably never even heard of.
[gasps]
But that didn't stop the two of
us from becoming friends, right?
That's true.
[stretching] I feel a lot
better now!
(Seiya) What was that all about,
anyway?
(Usagi) It's nothing. Let's go
home!
(Seiya) [chuckling] You're such
a weirdo.
(Seiya) Hey Bun-head, why're you
so nervous?
(Usagi) What?! I'm not!
I dunno if I should be alone
in this room with him.
(Seiya) It's your first time,
isn't it?
(Usagi) [yelps]
(Seiya) Just relax. I'll take
real good care of you. You're
gonna love it.
(Usagi) No, I can't! Mamo's the
only person I could do this
with!
(Seiya) Come on.
(Usagi) Next time on Sailor
Stars, "Seiya and Usagi's
Heart-Pounding Date."
The moonlight is a
messenger of love.